[Music]
your attention please
spoiler alert six great magic tricks
revealed and secrets exposed you know
there's really nothing magical about
magic sure illusions have left audiences
awestruck for centuries but there's
nothing more to these tricks than well
tricking people that's the fun good
magicians can fool people into believing
that whatever feat they've performed was
something supernatural when in reality
it just takes skill preparation and a
whole lot of practice you're ready to
find out how the greatest magicians pull
it off then just keep watching carefully
now now before we expose these secrets
don't forget to subscribe to our Channel
and turn on notifications so that you
don't miss any of our daily uploads
there's something for everybody here on
the bright side so be sure to join us
now some of you may remember this trick
from an episode of America's Got Talent
we'll see a close-up magician wowed the
judges and audience with his amazing
coin matrix this illusion features psy
placing four coins on a table and
magically transforming them into rose
petals in this trick the real magic
comes from the table not from size
finger waving his prop table is
engineered to either conceal or reveal
what's ever placed on top of it and side
controls this mechanism with a foot
pedal once the coins are in place he
does the customary finger wiggling to
make it more mysterious and to make sure
the audience is focused on his hands
rather than his feet when the timing is
right he passes his hands over the coins
one by one and presses the pedal to
switch the coins with the rose petals
stored underneath maybe you could use
something like this to impress your next
date huh
another impressive performance on
America's Got Talent
use the Svengali phenomenon to WoW on
lookers Matt Franco's trick starts out
with him presenting a large gift-wrapped
box and promising to reveal its contents
later he then pulls out a hue
spiral-bound sketchbook with a drawing
of a snowman in a different outfit on
each page only the pages have been cut
into three parts each part as a section
of the snowman's outfit the top part
with a hat the middle section with a tie
and the bottom part with buttons he
walks up to the judges and has them put
their finger on a page as he flips
through the sketchbook in the end the
judges have each chosen a section to
dress the Snowman up in a complete
outfit but that's not all when Franco
opens the box he reveals a stuffed
snowman dressed in the exact outfit the
judges chose oh so how did he do it well
the stuffed snowman was obviously
already dressed before it was put in the
box Franco just had to make sure the
judges chose the right pages to dress it
with every other page in Franco's
drawing path is cut a bit shorter than
the one preceding it setting the judges
up to choose the longer pages with the
Hat tie and buttons that match the stuff
snowman's participant manipulation is a
common practice in illusions like this
if you can't get them to do what you
want you might end up embarrassing
yourself Penn & Teller a famous Vegas
duo that have been performing illusions
together since the 1970s have a bullet
catching act that sends audience members
shooting out of their seats in applause
two volunteers from the audience
signed bullets that are then loaded into
guns that Penn & Teller fire at each
other through an obstacle like a sheet
of glass or a piece of paper the bullet
signed by Penn's volunteer somehow ends
up in tellers mouth and vice versa how
on earth do they pull off such a feat
through some clever sleight of hand and
backstage help that's how when their
bullets are signed the illusionists
discreetly slipped them into their
jacket pocket and switch them out with
wax bullets to load into their guns
after the guns are loaded they take off
their jackets and start putting on
goggles and bulletproof vests you know
for safety but when they hand their
jackets off to the backstage crew
the assistants take the bullets from the
pockets and slip them into the vests as
the magician's fumble with putting their
vests on over their heads they
discreetly put the bullets into their
mouths when they shoot they really do
fire the weapons just with wax bullets
Penn & Teller open their mouths and
voila the sign bullets are caught right
between their teeth now don't try this
at home folks guns are still dangerous
even when the bullets aren't real
another dynamic duo is the couple
Jonathan and Charlotte Pendragon who
hold the Guinness world record for the
fastest transformation illusion for
their trick metamorphosis to start
Jonathan climbs into a bag that
Charlotte ties off at the top to prevent
him from escaping
she then locks him into a box stands on
top of it and lifts a giant cloth in the
next second she drops the cloth and
Jonathan is on the top of the box and
when he opens it Charlotte is now inside
yeah that's got to be magic right well
it turns out the only magic at play here
is extreme flexibility and dexterity the
pen dragons are both former gymnasts
Charlotte also has a background in dance
and bodybuilding and Jonathan has
experience with springboard diving in
martial arts their bodies and props are
engineered for this trick you see the
bag Jonathan starts out trapped in
actually has a zipper along the seam
that he can open to get out the box has
a pop-out back that he can push to free
himself and hide behind it when
Charlotte lifts the cloth Jonathan
climbs up to take her place she of
course jumps down to crawl into the box
and zip herself up in the back all of
this in a matter of seconds Bravo
now the next trick takes a bit more time
to carry out British magician dynamo
levitates up the side to the top of a
bus extends his arm to hold on to it and
floats along while the bus continues its
route through the streets of London it
seems like he's done something magical
but this is all just a clever marketing
trick on behalf of Pepsi
it's all possible simply because dynamos
arm that's holding on to the bus isn't
real
it's actually a metal pole that's
secured to the bus and disguised by a
latex arm there's also a harness
underneath for him to strap into that
tucks his real arm into his side in fact
pretty much everything about this trick
is fake including the bus well it's a
real bus of course but it's drivers and
passengers are in on the trek plus
there's no such bus in London that
travels the route that dynamo rise
around on Pepsi hired him to perform
this stunt so it's no coincidence that
he's floating in front of a perfectly
placed Pepsi ad there's no magic quite
like the magic of marketing right guys
now for the piece de resistance David
Blaine's regurgitating frog's trick with
that how does he do it if you can't wait
to know the secret then you'll be
disappointed to find out that there
really isn't one the frogs are real
they're alive he actually swallows them
and then he really spits them up yuck
Blaine spent years learning to control
his gag reflex a feat many aspiring
magicians trained for by using a baby
potato attached to a string they'll
swallow the potato and pull on the
string to teach their stomach muscles
how to push objects back up into their
mouths hey when I was a kid I just
practiced my core knack Blaine has
mastered this ability like many before
including the famous Mack Norton Norton
was known for regurgitating live frogs
and goldfish earning him the nickname
the human aquarium
apparently regurgitation is a pretty old
trick with origins dating back to the
1600s and beyond it was initially called
water spouting since it involved
drinking as much water as possible and
then spouting it out of your mouth in
controlled streams boy you just don't
see that on TV anymore the great [ __ ]
Ali took this trick a step further by
drinking kerosene after the water so
that it would sit at the top of his
stomach
he would then spit the kerosene out of
his mouth to start a fire after that he
put it out by regurgitating the water
that had been sitting under the kerosene
in his stomach whoa David Blaine was
actually the first person since [ __ ] Ali
who performed this trick and he's also
one of the only illusionists to ever
attempt regurgitating animals there's a
lot of risk involved with performing
this trick as I'm sure you can imagine
no one wants to chance miss counting the
number of animals they've swallowed and
accidentally digesting something that's
still alive hmm was that seven or eight
I forget to protect the frogs from his
stomach acid Blaine probably drank
enough water beforehand to coat his
stomach lining and to give his little
friends a pool to swim around in either
that or he let them hang out in his
esophagus I don't know still seems a
little cruel to me and there you have it
folks
turns out the only real magic is what
people are capable of when they really
put the effort in would you ever attempt
any of these tricks maybe the little
potato and the string thing no maybe you
know the secret behind some others let
us know down in the comments like this
video if you enjoyed it share it with
your friends and always remember to stay
on the bright side of life
you